# TLDR:

## Mod Browser License
The mod browser is open source and is licensed under the Apache 2 license.  
The Stick War mods hosted here are not open source. They are subject to the terms and information in the rest of this file.

## Copyright & Warranty Regarding Stick War Mods:
Stick War and Stick Empires is made by JASON WHITHAM (CRAZYJAY), BROCK WHITE (BROCKEMON), WINSTON ZHANG, ELI PIILONEN (2DARRAY).
All rights reserved to the original authors.
There is NO WARRANTY whatsoever when it comes to mods hosted here.

## Terms of Stick War Mods:
1. You MAY mod Stick War 2, Stick War 1, and old versions of Stick Empires.
2. You may NOT claim ownership of the Stick War series and code, in part or full.
3. You may NOT claim ownership of any Stick War mod you have not created. This includes, but is not limited to:
    - Custom Music.
    - Custom Assets.
    - Custom Story.
4. You may NOT create malware or other software designed to cause harm or damage.
5. You may NOT create mods for Stick Empires that allow you to cheat or give you an unfair advantage in the multiplayer game.
6. You may NOT modify other people's mods without permission.
7. Only upload your own work using pull requests, thanks.


When it comes to modding Stick Empires multiplayer, consult the Stick Empires terms of service (attached below). Thanks.


Stick Empires Terms Of Service
---
Stick Empire™, StickEmpires™, SE, are the copyrighted work of 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks. Use of Stick Empires™ is governed by the terms of use provided below ("Stick Empires™ Terms of Use"). Stick Empires™ is provided "as is" according to the terms of conditions contained herein. Any use of Stick Empires™ not in accordance with the terms of the Stick Empires™ Terms of Use is expressly prohibited.

1. Grant of License. 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks hereby grants, and by using Stick Empires™ you thereby accept, a limited, personal, non-exclusive license and right to use Stick Empires™ using either a home, work, or portable computer. Subject to the foregoing Grant of License, you may not remove any proprietary notices or labels on Stick Empires™ without the prior consent, in writing, of 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks. 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks reserves the right for any reason to remove, without notice, any content of Stick Empires™ received from users, including without limitation, bulletin board postings. 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks reserves the right to deny, at its sole discretion, any user access to Stick Empires™ or any portion thereof without notice. Without limiting the foregoing, 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks retains the right to decline service to any user who violates the Stick Empires™ Terms of Use.

2. Registration Information. To register your account on Stick Empires™, you will be required to provide your username and password. This information is used to identify you as a "unique user" of Stick Empires™. In the event that 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks learns that you have provided 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks with false or misleading registration information, 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks reserves the right to terminate your Stick Empires™ account.

3. Ownership. All title, ownership, and intellectual property rights in and to Stick Empires™ (including, but not limited to, any titles, computer code, themes, objects, characters, character names, stories, dialog, catch phrases, locations, concepts, artwork, animation, sounds, musical compositions, audiovisual effects, methods of operation, moral rights, any related documentation, "applets" incorporated into Stick Empires™, transcripts of the chat rooms, member profile information, recordings of games played on Stick Empires™, and software) are owned by 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks. All rights are reserved. Stick Empires™ is protected by the copyright laws of United States, Canada, and the European Union.

4. Your Use of Stick Empires™.

A. You are entitled to use Stick Empires™ for your own personal use, but you shall not be entitled to (i) sell or grant a security interest in or transfer reproductions of Stick Empires™ to other parties in any way, nor to rent, lease, or license Stick Empires™ to others without the prior written consent of 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks; (ii) copy, photocopy, reproduce, translate, reverse engineer, modify, disassemble, or de-compile in whole or in part any Stick Empires™ software; (iii) create derivative works based on Stick Empires™; (iv) host or provide matchmaking services for any 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks software programs or emulate or redirect the communication protocols used by 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks as part of Stick Empires™, through protocol emulation, tunneling, modifying or adding components to the Program, use of a utility program, or any other technique now known or hereafter developed, for any purpose, including, but not limited to, network play over the Internet, network play utilizing commercial or noncommercial gaming networks, or as part of content aggregation networks without the prior written consent of 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks or exploit Stick Empires™ or any of its parts for any commercial purpose, including, but not limited to, use at a location such as a cyber cafe, arcade, or other location where users are charged a fee, whether hourly or otherwise, to use Stick Empires™; (v) use any third-party software to modify Stick Empires™ to change game play, including, but not limited to cheats and/or hacks; (vi) institute attacks upon a Stick Empires™ server or otherwise disrupt Stick Empires™; (vii) harass, threaten, stalk, embarrass, or cause distress, unwanted attention or discomfort upon another user of Stick Empires™ or other person or entity; cheat during gameplay, including but not limited to modification of the game program files; (viii) transmit or post sexually explicit images or other content which in the sole discretion of 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks is deemed to be offensive; nor shall you transmit any unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, hateful, racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable content; (ix) carry out any action with a disruptive effect, such as causing the screen to "scroll" faster than other users are able to type to it; (x) impersonate a 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks official or employee or any other person; (xi) disrupt the normal flow of dialogue in a chat room or otherwise act in a manner that negatively affects other users, individuals, or entities, including, but not limited to, posting "Spam" messages on Stick Empires™. "Spam" messages as used herein include, but are not limited to any effort to use a computer or other electronic device to post an unauthorized and/or unsolicited advertisement to Stick Empires™; (xii) post or transmit chain letters, "cashbots," or pyramid schemes; post or transmit any unsolicited advertising, promotional materials, or other forms of solicitation to other users, individuals, or entities on Stick Empires™; (xiii) intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national, or international law or regulation; (xiv) modify any file that 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks does not specifically authorize you to modify; (xv) "spam" by posting or sending more than one unsolicited message or piece of mail to a single address or in a chat area; (xvi) create or maintain, under any circumstance, more than one simultaneous connection to Stick Empires™. All such connections to Stick Empires™, whether created by 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks software products or by other tools and utilities, may only be made through methods and means expressly approved by 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks. Under no circumstances may you connect or create tools that allow you to connect to Stick Empires™'s private binary interface or interfaces other than those explicitly provided by 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks for public use; (xvii) Communicate or post any user's personal information in or on the Stick Empires™ game network, web site, or forums.

B. In the event that you violate any of the foregoing provisions, 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks may at its option and without notice to you, as well you will forego your payment for that term regardless of how much time is left on the term. SE Gaming reserves the right to: (i) temporarily suspended your access to Stick Empires™; or (ii) immediately terminate your access to Stick Empires™; and

C. In the event that 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks is contacted by governmental authorities and/or parties seeking legal redress against you for a violation committed by you or alleged to have been committed by you involving your use of Stick Empires™, 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks will cooperate fully with and all governmental authorities and any lawful orders of the court with regards to the release of information that relates to you and your use of Stick Empires™, including, but not limited to, user Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, associated personal information, and all other user information on file.

5. Content Uploads to Stick Empires™. You may upload content to Stick Empires™ in various forms, including, but not limited to, the selections you make for the Program, in chat rooms, and similar user-to-user areas (collectively, your "Content"). Your Content shall not: (a) infringe any third party intellectual property, other proprietary or publicity/privacy rights; (b) violate any law or regulation; (c) be defamatory, obscene, or pornographic; or (d) contain any viruses, Trojan horses, cancelbots, worms, time bombs, or other computer programming routines that are intended to damage, detrimentally interfere with, surreptitiously intercept, or expropriate any system, data, or personal information. 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks reserves the right to any legal remedies available to 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks with respect to your Content, including, but not limited to, termination of your use of Stick Empires™ if we believe your Content may create liability for 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks or may cause 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks to lose (in whole or in part) the services of our ISPs or other suppliers. You hereby grant to 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, sublicenseable (through multiple tiers) right to exercise all intellectual property rights, in any media now known or not currently known, associated with your Content.

6. Use of Your Content. 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks and/or its parent, subsidiaries or affiliates may gather, process, and use (and allow others to use) any and all information which you provide directly to 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks ("Content"), as well as information regarding the manner in which you use Stick Empires™. You hereby grant to 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, sublicenseable (through multiple tiers) right to exercise all intellectual property rights, in any media now known or not currently known, associated with your Content.

7. Information found on Stick Empires™. 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks does not endorse or stand behind the accuracy, truthfulness or reliability of any information (including statements of opinion or advice) provided on or by means of Stick Empires™. Any and all statements made in forums, conferences, or chats or during game play reflect only the views of their authors.

8. Termination. This agreement is effective until termination by either party. You may terminate this agreement at any time by destroying all materials obtained from this Site and/or Service and all related documentation thereof. 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks reserves the right to terminate this agreement without notice at 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks's sole discretion if you fail to comply with any term of this agreement, including, but not limited to, disruptive behavior, cheating, instituting attacks upon a Stick Empires™ server, and any unlawful activity. It is the policy of 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks to cooperate fully in criminal investigations, including, but not limited to, and if permitted by local laws, tracing user Internet Protocol IP addresses and associated personal information, as well as sharing all other user information on file with the proper authorities upon request.

9. Acknowledgments. You hereby acknowledge that (i) You assume the cost of all telephone charges, necessary servicing, repair, or correction for connecting to Stick Empires™; (ii) the materials in this site and/or service are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, warranties of accuracy, reliability, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement; (iii) that as part of your registration process and in consideration for the privilege of accessing Stick Empires™ and if permitted by local laws 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks has the right to send your computer one or more "cookies" without any further notice to you (these cookies only retain your user preferences) and , 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks has the right to obtain certain identification information about your computer and its operating system, including the identification numbers of your hard drives, central processing unit, IP addresses, and operating systems for identification purposes; (iv) that, if permitted by local law, 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks has the right to obtain "non-personal" data from your Internet browsing software in order to make certain demographic assumptions regarding the users of Stick Empires™ without any further notice to you; (v) 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks does not warrant that Stick Empires™ will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this site and/or service or the server are free of viruses or other harmful components; (vi) you may not be able to access Stick Empires™ whenever you want, and there may be extended periods of time where you cannot access Stick Empires™; (vii) 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks shall not be held liable for any delay or failure to perform resulting from causes outside the reasonable control of 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks; (viii) as certain games played on Stick Empires™ require electronic files, including, but not limited to, player characters, accounts, statistics, user profiles, weapons, armor, quests, and maps ("Online Data"), be stored upon Stick Empires™ for Your use when utilizing Stick Empires™ to play these games online, You hereby agree and acknowledge that 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks shall not have any liability to You for the loss of Online Data for any reason whatsoever, including, but not limited to, server failure, telephonic interruptions of any kind, defects, viruses or other harmful components, and negligent acts of 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks and/or its affiliates; (ix) you may not use "Duplicated Characters" on Stick Empires™ that were created by exploiting a slow connection or "lag," programming error, or any other manner that allows you to utilize "Duplicate Characters" and/or "Duplicated Items" on the Stick Empires™ service. In the event that 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks discovers that you are utilizing such characters on Stick Empires™, you hereby acknowledge that 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks may, at its sole discretion, delete such characters from your account on Stick Empires™; (x) 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or delete any information, including, but not limited to, player characters, accounts, statistics, user profiles, and any other information accumulated or uploaded on Stick Empires™; (xi) 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks does not warrant Stick Empires™ or any of the games played over Stick Empires™ will be free of cheats, hacks, or programming errors that may affect the outcome of games, tournaments, Stick Empires™'s ladder ranking systems, or the general use of Stick Empires™; and (xii) the terms of this Agreement shall extend to anyone that you allow to use your Stick Empires™ account, user name or player character(s) and that you are personally responsible and liable for the consequences that may result if any such person violates the terms of the Agreement, including, but not limited to, termination of your account and loss of your user names and characters.

10. Indemnification. Upon request of 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks, you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks, its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, licensees, and distributors from all liabilities, claims and expenses, including attorneys' fees arising from breach of the Stick Empires™ Terms of Use by use of, or in connection with, the transmission by, or through your account of any content on Stick Empires™. 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you thereunder, and in such event, you shall have no further obligation to provide indemnification for such matter.

11. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. Stick Empires™ IS PROVIDED TO YOU "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE PROGRAM WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE. 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY AND ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

12. Limitation of Liability. NEITHER 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks, ITS PARENT, OR AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE IN ANY WAY FOR LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND RESULTING FROM THE USE OF Stick Empires™, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY AND ALL OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES.

13. Gold Account Terms of Service. 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks is only responsible in providing the following services that are detailed in the Gold Account information page. This means that User statistics, User Units, User settings, Usernames & Passwords are not guaranteed to be protected. The staff at Stick Empires™ will do their best to preserve this data but due to the delicate nature of the server-side management, 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks will not be liable or responsible for any lost or corrupted user data. 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks is also not guaranteeing server uptime. The development team is constantly working hard to bring new and exciting units to the game but again, there is no guarantee that new units will be created and delivered periodically. All unit creation and delivery is subject to the discretion of 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks. Gold accounts are nonrefundable once they are processed, users are solely responsible for submitting correct details and how to use the Paypal Merchant System. 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks is not responsible for educating members who are applying for Gold Member Accounts on how to use the Paypal Merchant System. Cancellation of Gold Account Subscriptions can be completed using the Paypal Merchant System. Cancellation of Gold Account Subscriptions is the sole responsibility of the user. SE staff does not cancel accounts or have access to your Pay Pal account. Click Here to Cancel Subscription or it can be cancelled directly at anytime through your Pay Pal account area If you choose to sign-up for terms (Month to Month), you as the user, are solely responsible for all postage costs as well as the costs of acquiring certified checks or money orders. Whats more, it is also at the discretion of the customer that they send these forms of payments since 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks and the Staff at Stick Empires™ will not be responsible for lost checks and money orders through the mail system. Stick Empires™ and 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks are trademarks or registered trademarks of 1004319 O/A Jays Webworks in United States, Canada and the European Union. All rights reserved.
